# February 2023 Update

I am back with the monthly update for Orgpedia, sharing what I did last month and what I plan to do in the next month. You can see the earlier updates [here](https://github.com/orgpedia/status-reports/monthly-update). 

Last month I had been working on two fronts 1) Trying to get the Orgpedia code on GitHub in shape so that it is easy for people to contribute 2) Meeting people, especially non-tech people, and getting feedback from them about Orgpedia.

Just to reiterate Orgpedia is trying to solve two technology problems 1) Extracting information from PDF documents (government orders). 2) Presenting this information in an easy to consume fashion for a layman.

## Key Metrics 

I am using the same metrics I used last [month](https://github.com/orgpedia/status-reports/blob/main/monthly-update/jan-2023.md#key-metrics), not much change in the metrics, I was focussed on the getting the repository in a state that is easier for others (including me) to contribute.

1. Number of orders processed: 973 (1,214 are partially processed)
2. Manual corrections per page: 1.760 (5,583 corrections/3,171 pages) 
3. Number of code contributors: 2

- **Partially processed orders**: I have started processing an additional government department, with focus on data on bureaucrats.

- **Code contributors**: One additional person made a checkin to the orgpedia repository but it is still very difficult for people to make code contributions.

## Last Month Activities

1. Spent lot of time meeting folks - met people who work for the government and in the allied ecosystem. Here is the key feedback I got, 

    - Need to process beaurocratic data as that has more alignment with government officers and is also much more challenging.
    - Merits and de-merits of the current use-case (org chart) especially as its wow-factor is limited.
    - Form a board of relevant folks from ex-beaurocrats and leverage them to sharpen the use case.
    - Need to signifcantly expand the scope to be taken seriously.


2. Github pages of Orgpedia are now in much better shape, check out https://github.com/orgpedia/cabsec/flow to get a quick view of how the data processing is done. Do explore the repository and let me know what you think. Currently two repositories are public (https://github.com/orgpedia/cabsec and https://github.com/orgpedia/site.cabsec) corresponding to information extraction and information presentation.

3. Lot of work to ensure that code is portable. Writing portable code, especially machine learning pipeline, has its challenges.

## Next Month Plan

1. Will be focussing on getting data from additional department on orgpedia, especially something that highlights the multi-lingual aspect of the data, this is based on the feedback I have received.

2. Will be continuing to demo more people and capturing their feedback.

3. Need to build a workflow where website users can correct the errors they have found.
-----------------
This update is also available at https://github.com/orgpedia/status-reports/blob/main/monthly-update/feb-2023.md
