# January 2023 Update
-------------------------

After Orgpedia launched on 15th August 2022, I was planning on sending
a monthly update to all the well-wishers but things got delayed.

The updates will include 3 things 1) Key Metrics 2) What was done in
last month 3) What is planned next month.


## Key Metrics 
-------------------------

1. Number of orders processed: 973
2. Manual corrections per page: 1.760 (5,583 corrections/3,171 pages) 
3. Number of volunteers: 1

1. Number of orders processed: This indicates the orders that I have
extracted some information from, currently I am not capturing a
quality metric but will start doing it once this count is larger.

2. Manual corrections per page: This indicates number of manual
corrections I had to do, though there are some things that are ignored
but this is a good indication of the cabability of the software. This
number needs to go down.

3. Number of volunteers: self explanatory


## Last Month Activities
--------------------------

1. The 'Ministers of India' project was updated to support all 22
Indian Languages- including Boro, Kashmiri and Santhali, these
languages are not available on Google Translate.

https://www.orgpedia.in/languages.html

2. The 'Ministers of India' website has a new feature that allows
users to find out the council of ministers on a particular date in the
past. For example you can find out what the hierarchy was on 25th June 1983
https://www.orgpedia.in/en/ministry.html and click Select Date.


## Next Month Plan
--------------------

1. Increase the volunteer count, but for doing that the code base
needs to be made more accessible for new developers, will be focussing
on that and adding documentation.

2. Now that there is a functional website, will be focussing on
getting feedback from different kinds of users, especially from people
inside the government.

