# March 2023 Update

Here is the monthly update for Orgpedia, sharing what I did last month and what I plan to do in the next month. You can see the earlier updates [here](https://github.com/orgpedia/status-reports/monthly-update). 

## Key Metrics 

I am using the same metrics I used last [month](https://github.com/orgpedia/status-reports/blob/main/monthly-update/feb-2023.md#key-metrics), increased the number of partially processed documents.

1. Number of orders processed: 973 (47,522 are partially processed)
2. Manual corrections per page: 1.760 (5,583 corrections/3,171 pages) 
3. Number of code contributors: 2 / 5 (volunteers)

- **Partially processed orders**: These are documents that are still work-in-progress, fetched a lot of documents.

- **Code contributors**: Several volunteers have joined but still no code contributions as such.

## Last Month Activities

1. Last month I worked on getting pdfs from additional departments processed. I was able to make the entire data pipeline structure independent, earlier for every department I had to split the documents in separate groups depending on the document structure. For example cabsec has 3 structures 1) tables 2) lists and 3) paragraphs, so I had to build 3 separate data pipelines, With the new ML models I am able to infer the structure accurately and do the structure processing only if the structure is present. This should significantly reduce the manual work as well as improve efficiency of processing. That department is still not fully processed, hence the number of orders processed is still the same.

2. The eco-system surrounding ChatGPT has been very active and lot of sub projects have come up around document processing, have been monitoring this ecosystem closely and trying to see if the processing accuracy could be improved by ChatGPT.

3. Working with a new set of volunteers on some of the challenging problems and also enabling them to contribute.

4. Stepped up crawling of government orders, with the new pipeline, the same pipeline can be used across departments. Planing to automate this to the point where meta data is not needed.

## Next Month Plan

1. I could not connect with people last month, but planning to focus on that next month.

2. It is important to write down the current approach so that it is easy for people to onboard, planning to write a paper.

3. Work with volunteers and increase the final order processing count.
-----------------
This update is also available at https://github.com/orgpedia/status-reports/blob/main/monthly-update/mar-2023.md
